hello it's amazing I go 1-2-3 here with
my first series 10 minifigure review I
felt around a bit I think this is the
Medusa but I do have a special guest
here awesome books to use I don't know
if you could hear him but he said hi I'm
gonna be on bugging this first off this
is your bug for series 10 it's gold
that's the minifigure I think I've got I
did I was trying to feel for mr. gold
and then there's the back so I'll just
quickly get this opened up and I will
show you which minifigure it is okay so
I've cut it open now it's time to reveal
which minifigure it is and it is the
Medusa so I was right at feeling and now
lost as it just fell out I just quit
okay so I found the head now it's build
up the juicer so obviously she has got
the serpentine body from Ninjago and
surprising me she does have a
double-sided face which I think it's
pretty cool look like that camera will
focus
okay this piece is pretty robot now then
is the little pamphlet
just take a look at that there's just 16
minifigures and then on the back here
where is mr. gold I've been feeling for
him but I didn't find him but here is a
look at Medusa she's a pretty cool
minifigure you can see she's got that
snake headpiece no but printing there's
her the face the serpentine tail in
green just like a city curse from
Ninjago she doesn't have anything to go
in our hands but she does have some tail
printing and some torso detailing which
is a pretty cool minifigure so there is
the check rest of me for this I have
Medusa now and I will be feeling for
more of them especially mr. gold
so yeah more series 10 min figures
coming please like comment subscribe and
I'll see you again very soon bye